Coop noopener allow popups (#36232)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/crossoriginisolated/index.md

{{APIRef("DOM")}}

The **`crossOriginIsolated`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Window")}} interface returns a boolean value that indicates whether the document is cross-origin isolated, and hence is allowed to use APIs that require cross-origin isolation.

A cross origin isolated document only shares its browser context group with same-origin documents (`<iframe>` and popups).
The relationship between a cross origin opener of the document or any cross-origin popups that it opens are severed.

> If supported by the operating system, the document's browser context group is hosted in its own OS process, if supported by the OS.

Author: "if supported by the OS" seems spurious

Author: I also think the process allocation logic is a bit more complex than "OS support" and depends on available memory and other factors.
All operating systems support different processes, but in some cases:
* The browser doesn't yet support allocating a new process per cross-origin iframe.
* There isn't enough free memory to allocate enough processes, so some cross-origin documents end up sharing processes.

Beyond that, I *think* that the spec concept of process allocation is the "[agent cluster](https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-agent-clusters)", rather than BCG.

Reviewer: Thanks. Attempted to address in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36232/files#r1800505216

> A cross origin isolated document only shares its browser context group with same-origin documents (`<iframe>` and popups).
> The relationship between a cross origin opener of the document or any cross-origin popups that it opens are severed.
> If supported by the operating system, the document's browser context group is hosted in its own OS process, if supported by the OS.

Reviewer: This attempts to address https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36232/files#r1798799532 and https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36232/files#r1798827028

1. I don't want to introduce a new term "user agent cluster" but I did want to capture that the document does get more special protections than severing the opener connection.
2. I wanted to capture that iframes can contain cross-origin resources, they just have to be trusted.

If you're OK with this I will push to the other doc too. 

```suggestion
A cross origin isolated document only shares its browser context group with same-origin documents in popups and navigations, and resources (both same-origin and cross-origin) that the document has opted into using via [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) (and [COEP](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy)) for `<iframe>`.
The relationship between a cross origin opener of the document or any cross-origin popups that it opens are severed.
The document may also be hosted in a separate OS process alongside other documents with which it can communicate by operating on shared memory.
```
